[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salaryman
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level 1.
But lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
And today, I'm working
on getting my license,
while simultaneously dealing
with another gorilla?
But it's fine, because I end up
meeting a mysterious girl
who knows
how to use fire magic.
What the heck is happening
out here?
[RYOTA] I got
some new watermelon drops today.
Think you could appraise them
for me?
[ERZA]
Wow, that looks amazing!
Another job well done, Ryota!
Give me just a minute to gather
some things from the back.
-I'll be right with you.
-[ERIC] That won't be necessary.
I'm ready to assess your goods
right here and now.
[RYOTA]
Eric!
[ERIC]
Let's see.
[gasps]
Oh, my! The refreshing texture
and juicy, sweet flavor
fulfills my soul.
It's like I'm on a beach
with the sun blazing down
while a soft breeze blows gently
against my skin!
[MAN] What's that?
Watermelons from the guy
who makes Ryota's bamboo Shoots?
[MAN 2] First bamboo shoots,
and now watermelons?
-[MAN 3] I gotta try a bite!
-Hey! That's mine!
Put that down and back away!
They all want them!
Would you be willing
to let us sell your watermelons
exclusively in our store
as well?
Yeah, sure.
[RYOTA] Wow. The watermelons
are just as popular
as the bamboo shoots!
All right!
Nothing wrong with finding
another reliable source
of income!
[ERZA]
Oh! Ryota.
Are those watermelons
still dropped
-on the fifth level of Telulu?
-Uh-huh.
I hope that means
you've gotten your license?
What license?
Um, the one that gives you
permission
to start exploring dungeons
that are lower than level six.
Because dungeons get more
dangerous every fifth level.
It ensures you have
the ability to survive.
And each town has
its own policy.
In Secro, there's a new license
every five levels,
and traders aren't permitted
to buy items
dropped in those levels
if the adventurer doesn't have
the appropriate license.
I get that.
It'd keep people from putting
themselves in danger
to score more valuable items.
[ERZA]
Yes, and it's a firm rule.
So, I recommend
getting a license
to make things easier
in the future.
[RYOTA]
Guess this is it.
Anyone here?
Hi. I'd like to get a license.
Is this the right place?
Your achievements?
Huh?
When they ask
about your achievements...
Oh, I've been bringing back
watermelons
from the fifth level
of Telulu regularly.
[EXAMINER]
Telulu, huh?
Come this way.
What's his problem?
Talk about attitude.
This melon was dropped
at level six or lower in Telulu.
I'm going to turn it
into a stray.
If you can defeat it, you pass.
Be ready.
You haven't seen this
on any other level before.
[scoffs]
That's what I was hoping for.
Here goes!
[explosion]
Looks like
that one's a steel slime!
It's so tough,
blades are useless against it!
That's fine. I'm not gonna wait
to see what it does.
I'll show it what I do
with my rank S strength!
That really is hard as steel,
ow.
-Be careful.
-It's no problem.
I've got a plan
that should prove interesting.
All right, slime,
let's see what you've got!
-[gun fires]
-[explosion]
That's a fire bullet!
But it doesn't seem
to be working yet!
-Wait. Just give me a minute!
-[gun fires]
[EMILY]
And now it's a freezing bullet.
Hold on. Watch this part.
See?
[glass cracks]
-[shatters]
-Whoa! How did you do that?
Temperature extremes.
I hit it
with a powerful fire bullet,
and then, immediately froze it
with the freezing bullet.
It makes the metal brittle,
which weakens it to order!
-Wow!
-Amazing!
Guess the joke's on me!
You're really something, kiddo!
You have my approval
as an examiner!
Your Secro license for levels
six and beyond is approved!
Congratulations!
[RYOTA]
Look at my shiny new license!
Congrats! You truly deserve it!
I've been working here
for over ten years.
I've never been so impressed!
Secro's future
sure is looking bright!
How to make this a consistent
gig and get those regularly?
-[EMILY] Yota?
-Lemme think. Oh, that's right.
I've got some preparing to do.
Emily! I'm gonna need your help!
There's something important
I have to find.
Looks like we finally made it!
Let's go!
[EMILY] When you said you needed
1.5 million pilos
because you wanted a tuna,
I have to admit,
you really threw me for a loop.
I've got a theory
I've been wanting to test out.
But the first step is turning
this tuna into a stray.
There it goes!
[gasps] That stray looks
kinda familiar.
[roars]
It's the same kind of gorilla
that attacked Secro!
[RYOTA]
Don't worry! I can handle this!
I'll hit it
with a freezing bullet first.
That should immobilize it!
Sorry, man!
It sucks that this is
the same gun, but I gotta do it!
[gun fires]
[EMILY]
Wow! That was amazing, Yota!
That first gorilla gave you
so much trouble,
but you beat this one
in record time!
[poof]
Awesome! Just like I thought!
Gorillas drop guns
as well as the ammunition.
Now, I can be
a double pistol wielder!
This is gonna make it
a lot easier
to handle special bullet
combinations!
Why do you need two guns?
You've got me worried!
Please don't get too excited
and end up being evil!
Oh, come on! It's fine!
As long as I have you around,
I'll be as peaceful as a dove!
Did something happen?
Actually, we've got a strike
on our hands.
[RYOTA]
Doesn't sound like things
have been as peaceful here.
[ERZA] The Adalberd Group
occupies level six of Silicon,
and that's the only place
to get rice.
But now, they're telling me
that if I don't raise the price
of rice in Secro,
then, they won't sell me
any more.
That's not good.
[sighs]
I suppose the first thing
I should do
is find whoever's in charge
and talk to them.
[NEPTUNE]
Well, well, if it isn't Sato.
[RYOTA]
Oh, Neptune. Hi.
-Surprised to see you.
-I'm guessing that you're here
because of Adalberd as well,
aren't you?
-Yeah. So, are you then?
-I came by request.
-Request?
-Adalberd does this quite a lot.
As a result, the people in town
are finally running out
of patience.
So, I've come to see
if I can find
a more permanent solution
to the problem.
Are you trying to say
the Neptune Group's here
to get rid of them for good?
No, not quite.
Less getting-rid-of,
more destroying.
-Question for you.
-[NEPTUNE] What is it?
Would you be opposed to me
handling it?
You want to be the one
to destroy them?
Get rid of.
[laughs]
[ADELBERD] See?
This is what you're doing wrong.
You gotta go in there and...
Stand back! Who are you?
[MAN] Entry to this level
is forbidden!
-So, you're gonna use force?
-Get out here!
We've got townies trying
to muscle their way in!
[chuckles]
Well, so glad that worked out.
Wow! What is that?
Jeez. You really have to stop
doing that to me!
This is a healing bullet.
All it does is heal wounds.
But when two are fused
together,
it becomes a sleep bullet.
And it will knock your target
right out.
Yep! Getting a second gun
opened up a whole new world
of possibilities for me!
What can be accomplished
with two guns?
I tested out a whole mess
of theories I had.
Amazing! How'd you do that?
I shot a freezing bullet
and a fire bullet
at the exact same time,
which apparently turns them
into an erasing bullet.
Erasing? That's so cool!
It seems like you've been able
to do so much
just by using one bullet combo!
[RYOTA] I took her observation
as a generous hint
and started trying several
other bullet combinations.
There are any number
of bullet fusions
just waiting to be discovered,
all because I made
the wise decision
to get a second gun.
Ah, so, you're actually doubling
their healing power.
That's exactly it.
Right.
I gotta get these guys outside.
Why, yes, I would love help.
Thank you so much.
[sighs]
Well, now, if it isn't
the infamous Ryota Sato.
[RYOTA]
Wait for it, and...
[giggles]
[EMILY] I don't want to do
any more eyecatches!
[CLINT]
Thank you for coming by.
As you may know,
I'm Clint Gray,
the dungeon chief of Secro.
-The dungeon chief?
-What? Doesn't ring a bell?
It means I hold a position
of considerable authority
in town.
Okay.
Let's cut to the chase,
shall we?
There's a favor I would like
to ask of you.
-There is?
-Yes.
I want to request
your assistance
in the battle for a new dungeon
against our neighboring city
of Hetero.
We're fighting
over a new dungeon?
It's a sticky situation.
The dungeons that lay
to the East of Secro
have meat as drops
and we all know Hetero
is the livestock city.
[RYOTA]
Well, I didn't.
[CLINT] But an unusual dungeon
was recently discovered
halfway between Hetero
and Secro.
Strangely, the drops in this one
appear to be divided evenly
between vegetables and meat.
If there were more vegetables,
then, Secro could claim it
free and clear.
[RYOTA] Okay.
So, they decide ownership
by the ratio of the drops.
Cool, but...
Is it necessary to pick
which city it'll belong to
if people from both
can hunt there?
[angry]
A tax is applied
to the sale of every single
dropped item, you fool!
Which means dungeon ownership
makes a huge difference
in a town's economic health!
Right. Sorry.
No, I apologize
for losing my composure.
Allow me a moment to cool down.
[gasps]
Ah! Sugar. It perks me right up!
[RYOTA]
That's hardcore.
Guess they don't know
about diabetes here.
Anyway, since meat
and vegetables are found
in equal proportions there,
we decided that
we'd determine its ownership
based on who gets
more rare drops.
As you've become well known
around the city
for both your strength
and your high drop rates,
I knew you were just the person
we needed.
You'll be compensated,
of course.
A cash payment, if we lose.
And an exemption from taxes
on all dropped items
you receive henceforth,
if we win.
What do you say?
Will you accept this challenge?
[RYOTA] It's nice
having my work recognized
and knowing that people
depend on me.
I'll need to bring my guns.
And I should have plenty
of special bullets ready.
So, that just leaves
the magic cart,
a change of clothes...
Feels like I'm getting ready
for a business trip.
Back then, I worked too hard.
Pushed myself to breaking.
But now, I've got Emily
to look out for me.
Emily.
Right!
That's the story.
So, I'll be heading out
to this new dungeon, Selen.
Really? Wow! Just like
the Neptune Group does.
Being asked to go
and inspect a dungeon
is a seriously big deal.
Oh, yeah, I recall hearing
they were the ones
who checked out Nihonium.
You'll do great.
And don't worry.
I'll be right here, holding down
the fort while you're away.
I was hoping you could come too.
-What? You want me with you?
-Yeah.
Why, though? I won't be much use
to you there.
That's not true!
Just having you there
will be a huge help.
-Low-Level! Carrots!
-You're here?
Focus! What about my carrots?
It'll be all right.
We'll get as many as you need,
before we leave.
[EVE]
You better!
[RYOTA]
It's so empty.
Well, most things become strays
except for three,
air, water, and earth.
Other than places
with lots of people,
like towns and dungeons,
it's this way everywhere.
Oh, wow.
Still crazy how desolate it is.
This world is so strange.
Hey, whatcha doing down there?
Traveling between towns
can be really tough.
I want to leave
a little something along the way
in case it helps cheer up anyone
who passes after us.
Draw a circle like the sun,
make it nice and big and round.
Add another, what ya got?
A little face just waiting
to be found.
Oh! I can't forget the body!
There,
it's standing nice and tall,
so people remember to keep
their heads up no matter what.
Swoosh, swoosh.
Whoops. I need to add
some pupils to the eyes.
[clears throat]
It's all done, can you see?
A friend for you and me.
Um, what is it?
[giggles] Mr. Bean Sprout!
A source of both energy
and happiness!
Right. Of course.
Here, let me.
Wow!
You're a pretty good artist.
It's a cute buddy you gave him.
Oh, thanks.
Yours is cuter, though.
-There, now it's really done.
-Okay!
Are you ready
to get moving again?
Yep, let's go.
[EMILY] Hey, Yota. Can you
hold up that side, please?
[RYOTA]
I think so, yeah.
[EMILY] And, hup! There!
Now, were all set.
A backpack that small
had a tent this big in it?
It's time for me to show off
my real skills.
But first, could you go
and fetch some water for us?
Sure.
[loud banging noise]
[RYOTA] What the heck
is going on in there?
Roughing it in the wilderness
like this
is a big change after living
in a nice, cozy house
with Emily for so long.
I got up super early
to go find carrots too.
Low-Level. Nice job.
Sure hope I left enough of them.
[EMILY] I'm finished.
You wanna see?
Yeah!
What? Where in the world
did you get all this?
A warm light
illuminating the space?
A comfy bench inviting you
to sit down?
And a table set with what looks
like seriously good food!
Emily can transform
even a humble tent into a home!
Wait, you didn't say,
where did all this furniture
and food and stuff come from?
Here, I made sure to pack
everything we would need.
It was pretty heavy, though.
What kind of magical backpack
is that?
[EMILY]
Guess what?
There's a treat
for after dinner too!
[moans]
Going on our first trip
together is very special.
I was so happy,
I put in extra effort.
[RYOTA]
So cute!
[EMILY] Oh, right! I should
go ahead and burn our trash.
Burn it?
-Instead of throwing it out?
-Yes, of course.
It's only proper.
Back in town, there are people
who handle incineration for us.
But at times like these,
we have to do it ourselves.
We don't want these things
turning into strays, you know.
Even garbage turns into strays?
Yep, and the strays that debris
produces are incredibly strong.
They're different monsters
than they were originally.
So, trash spawns
different monsters, huh?
Waste disposal is vital.
It's not a job
to be taken lightly.
So, if I killed a trash stray,
do you think
something might happen?
Okay, let's see what we've got.
It looks
like a giant Frankenstein?
I'll hold it here!
-[RYOTA] Emily, get back!
-[EMILY] Roger that!
Well start with this one.
Burn it to ashes, fire bullet!
It's no good.
The flames aren't strong enough!
If one won't do it,
then, how about this?
[EMILY]
Double strength!
-[roars]
-[gun fires]
[groans]
They always make
such a loud sound, huh?
Fused bullets.
They're gonna be handy for sure.
Yes! They're amazing!
Now.
What just happened?
Did that bullet
loop back around, or...
Yeah. Pretty cool.
The bullet actually chased
the slime.
-I've got me some homing ammo!
-Oh, good,
because Yota didn't have enough
dangerous weapons already.
[RYOTA]
So, this is it!
The controversial new dungeon
between Secro and Hetero, Selen!
-It's very lively here.
-Not too surprising.
With both towns
sending adventurers
to check the place out.
Emily, you see that?
Yeah,
looks like a pile of trash.
People mean garbage.
And there are plenty
of people around.
Is it safe for them to leave it
stacked up like that, though?
This area's pretty crowded,
so it should be okay.
But it is still kind of scary
to look at.
[CELESTE]
Burn.
Fire Magic, Inferno!
She must be in charge
of gathering up all the trash
and making sure it gets burned.
Her magic power is incredible.
[RYOTA]
Whoa!
There's already another pile
just as big.
That's a lot to handle.
[RYOTA] I don't see
how she can burn enough
to keep up with this kind
of waste production.
Look at her.
She can't keep going on
like this.
Those bags under her eyes,
and she's so pale.
That's what people who have
put in over a hundred hours
of overtime in a month
look like.
I know from experience.
-Let's help!
-Yes, of course!
-Are you all right?
-More adventurers?
If you have any trash,
bring it here
and I'll see to it.
We'll do that,
but maybe you should rest
for a while.
Thank you.
I can't at the moment, though.
I need to burn this
as soon as possible.
-But...
-I'll be okay.
Fire Magic, Inferno!
[gasps]
I've got you!